Define when a PR is "ready to merge" (#4625)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector: CONTRIBUTING.md

workflow](https://github.com/open-telemetry/community/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#github-workflow)
section of general project contributing guide.

### How to Get PRs Merged

A PR is considered to be **ready to merge** when:

> * It has received two approvals from Collaborators/Maintainers (at

Reviewer: The two sentences in this bullet are somewhat contradictory... maybe we revise to be something like:

```suggestion
* Either of the following are true:
  * The PR has received at least two approvals from Collaborators/Maintainers with different employers.
  * The PR has received a single approval from a Maintainer *and* there's a pointer to a public discussion where at least two Collaborators/Maintainers with different employers have agreed upon the approach taken.
```

  different companies). This is not enforced through technical means
  and a PR may be **ready to merge** with a single approval if the change
  and its approach have been discussed and consensus reached.
* Feedback has been addressed.
* Any substantive changes to your PR will require that you clear any prior

>   Approval reviews, this includes changes resulting from other feedback. Unless

Reviewer: nit: `s/this includes/including`

  the approver explicitly stated that their approval will persist across
  changes it should be assumed that the PR needs their review again. Other
  project members (e.g. approvers, maintainers) can help with this if there are

>   any questions or if you forget to clear reviews.

Reviewer: nit: `s/you forget/the PR author forgot/`

> * It has been open for review for at least one working day. This gives

Reviewer: my two cents: 24h is pretty short for substantive changes... I usually specify 48h when I'm waiting for final approval on a large/meaningful change.
